Does this mean apple may have to start shipping OS X without Quicktime? 
Seriously though, as much as a despise MS, have a default media
player is nice, whats going to happen next, no notepad allowed as it competes 
with XXXXX wordprocessor? Make it like it used to be, an option
when installing Windows, so if you dont want it, deselect it...
apple is not a convicted monopolist.
when you are a convicted monopolist. the rules suddenly change.
so dont bother with those comparisons, they just dont work
I highly doubt this is a slippery slope, and the analogy with Apple is 
misleading.
In the article it states that many media content companies are making files 
and movies available only in Windows Media Formats,
because its the only Media player they know thats going to be on the system. 
Since a overwhelming of desktops use Windows, this is
amounting to the fact that the market tends towards using Windows Media, and 
thus whats the point of getting other formats/players?
The commission is hoping to open up the media player market a little, only to 
allow more competition and "a fair go" for other media
players/formats. People still have the choice of getting Windows Media with 
the OS, so this isn't really hurting anyone, just allowing
for a free market.
On the issue of interoperability, there was this little gem
Bolkestein warned that ordering Microsoft to reveal code, which is protected 
by copyright, and to a lesser extent by patents, could make the Commission 
vulnerable to a legal challenge by the company at the European Court of 
Justice in Luxembourg.
Im quite unclear on Bolkestein's motivation for that comment. Opening up the 
code to allow interoperability will not take away the fact that the code is 
Microsoft's, so Copyright is preserved. The commission isn't (as far as I can 
tell) letting competitor's simply copy MS's code so they can interoperate, but 
rather allow the code to be shown so they can code their own products to allow 
cleaner interoperability with MS's code. Any since patents are required to be 
published anyway, and need to be licenced, the patent comments is a non 
sequitur. 
Microsoft may be forced to sell a stripped-down version of Windows in the EU
Why just the EU? Why can't we all have access to the stripped down version? 
Have you naked by the end of this song... 
Why just the EU? Why can't we all have access to the stripped down version?
Because if you can't handle a one second shot of a bare nipple during the Super 
Bowl halftime show then I don't think you're ready for a
stripped down anything. 
Bill said it's *impossible* to do that, since extra crap like web browsers are 
an *integral* part of the operating system (I wonder how they made
operating systems before web browsers were invented). If they do this, does it 
mean it suddenly and miraculously became possible?
Will they sell it in other countries, or to customers who want it? Back during 
the Netscape/IE fiasco, I read one of Microsoft's supporters say
"customers must buy what is sold to them, not what they want". Uh huh. Right 
now Linux has exactly what I want, and I don't even have to pay
for it. Beat that, MS!
Microsoft has argued that unbundling Media Player from Windows would prevent 
the operating system from working properly.
really? didn't know an operating system needed a media player to work correctly.
unless for some reason other applications integrated wmp, in which case 
offering wmp as a seperate download is just as good. it annoys me
when they make such dubious claims.
Back in the day when Netscrape was making noise about Internet Exploder being 
bundled with windows, Microsoft just integrated Exploder into
the interface so that at one point it became "neccesary". So now windows users 
basicly use a web browser to navigate their files on their own
hard drives.
I predict that a future version of windows will integrate sound and video into 
the interface. Making Media Player the new file-navigator, with
animated talking program icons or some such.
Probably will call it WindowsMediaExplorer. 
If you want to change your XP cd key you can easily do it without a program. 
Follow the instuctions here [terravista.pt]. 
